---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "doublecloud_transfer Resource - terraform-provider-doublecloud"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Transfer resource
---

# doublecloud_transfer (Resource)

Transfer resource

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "doublecloud_transfer" "sample-pg2ch" {
  name       = "sample-pg2ch"
  project_id = var.project_id
  source     = doublecloud_transfer_endpoint.sample-pg2ch-source.id
  target     = doublecloud_transfer_endpoint.sample-pg2ch-target.id
  type       = "SNAPSHOT_ONLY"
  activated  = false
  transformation = {
    transformers = [
      {
        dbt = {
          git_repository_link = "https://github.com/doublecloud/tests-clickhouse-dbt.git"
          profile_name        = "my_clickhouse_profile"
          operation           = "run"
        }
      },
    ]
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) Transfer name
- `project_id` (String) Project ID
- `source` (String) Source endpoint ID
- `target` (String) Target endpoint ID

### Optional

- `activated` (Boolean) Transfer activation state
- `data_objects` (List of String) List of objects for transfer. For example a table name: "public.my_table"
- `description` (String) Transfer description
- `runtime` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--runtime))
- `transformation` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--transformation))
- `type` (String) Transfer type

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Transfer ID

<a id="nestedatt--runtime"></a>
### Nested Schema for `runtime`

Optional:

- `dedicated` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--runtime--dedicated))

<a id="nestedatt--runtime--dedicated"></a>
### Nested Schema for `runtime.dedicated`

Required:

- `flavor` (String) Flavor

Optional:

- `vpc_id` (String) VPC ID



<a id="nestedatt--transformation"></a>
### Nested Schema for `transformation`

Optional:

- `transformers` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--transformation--transformers))

<a id="nestedatt--transformation--transformers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `transformation.transformers`

Optional:

- `convert_to_string` (Attributes) Convert columns' values to strings. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--transformation--transformers--convert_to_string))
- `dbt` (Attributes) Run DBT after snapshot finish. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--transformation--transformers--dbt))
- `lambda_function` (Attributes) Lambda function (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--transformation--transformers--lambda_function))
- `replace_primary_key` (Attributes) Replace the set of columns marked as PRIMARY KEYs. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--transformation--transformers--replace_primary_key))
- `sql` (Attributes) SQL Transformer (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--transformation--transformers--sql))
- `table_splitter` (Attributes) Replace the name of the table to a value composed of values of columns of a row. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--transformation--transformers--table_splitter))

<a id="nestedatt--transformation--transformers--convert_to_string"></a>
### Nested Schema for `transformation.transformers.convert_to_string`

Optional:

- `columns` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--transformation--transformers--convert_to_string--columns))
- `tables` (Attributes) Tables. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--transformation--transformers--convert_to_string--tables))

<a id="nestedatt--transformation--transformers--convert_to_string--columns"></a>
### Nested Schema for `transformation.transformers.convert_to_string.columns`

Optional:

- `exclude` (List of String) Excluded columns (regular expressions). Start every name with `^` and finish with `$` to avoid unexpected side effects.
- `include` (List of String) Included columns (regular expressions). Start every name with `^` and finish with `$` to avoid unexpected side effects.


<a id="nestedatt--transformation--transformers--convert_to_string--tables"></a>
### Nested Schema for `transformation.transformers.convert_to_string.tables`

Optional:

- `exclude` (List of String) Excluded tables (regular expressions). Start every name with `^` and finish with `$` to avoid unexpected side effects.
- `include` (List of String) Included tables (regular expressions). Start every name with `^` and finish with `$` to avoid unexpected side effects.



<a id="nestedatt--transformation--transformers--dbt"></a>
### Nested Schema for `transformation.transformers.dbt`

Optional:

- `git_branch` (String) A branch or a tag of the git repository with the DBT project.
- `git_repository_link` (String) A link to a git repository with a DBT project. Must start with `https://`. The root directory of the repository must contain a `dbt_project.yml` file.
- `operation` (String) Operation; for example, `run`.
- `profile_name` (String) The name for a profile which will be created automatically using the settings of the destination endpoint. The name must match the `profile` property in the `dbt_project.yml` file.


<a id="nestedatt--transformation--transformers--lambda_function"></a>
### Nested Schema for `transformation.transformers.lambda_function`

Optional:

- `name` (String) Table name.
- `name_space` (String) Named Schema
- `options` (Attributes) Lambda function config (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--transformation--transformers--lambda_function--options))

<a id="nestedatt--transformation--transformers--lambda_function--options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `transformation.transformers.lambda_function.options`

Optional:

- `buffer_flush_interval` (String) Flush interval
- `buffer_size` (String) Buffer size for function.
- `cloud_function` (String) Cloud function name
- `cloud_function_url` (String) Cloud function URL.
- `headers` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--transformation--transformers--lambda_function--options--headers))
- `invocation_timeout` (String) Invocation timeout.
- `number_of_retries` (Number) Number of retries.

<a id="nestedatt--transformation--transformers--lambda_function--options--headers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `transformation.transformers.lambda_function.options.headers`

Optional:

- `key` (String) Header key.
- `value` (String) Header value.




<a id="nestedatt--transformation--transformers--replace_primary_key"></a>
### Nested Schema for `transformation.transformers.replace_primary_key`

Optional:

- `keys` (List of String) Columns to mark as PRIMARY KEYs.
- `tables` (Attributes) Tables. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--transformation--transformers--replace_primary_key--tables))

<a id="nestedatt--transformation--transformers--replace_primary_key--tables"></a>
### Nested Schema for `transformation.transformers.replace_primary_key.tables`

Optional:

- `exclude` (List of String) Excluded tables (regular expressions). Start every name with `^` and finish with `$` to avoid unexpected side effects.
- `include` (List of String) Included tables (regular expressions). Start every name with `^` and finish with `$` to avoid unexpected side effects.



<a id="nestedatt--transformation--transformers--sql"></a>
### Nested Schema for `transformation.transformers.sql`

Optional:

- `query` (String) Script would be applied on-the-fly to all data. As SQL engine used [Clickhouse Local](https://clickhouse.com/docs/en/operations/utilities/clickhouse-local). For queries there is a common `table` source for data. For example `SELECT * FROM table` query. No state is saved. Data window is linear, but with random size. Local clickhouse run with `--no-system-tables` flag, which disables all system tables / dictionaries.
- `tables` (Attributes) Tables. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--transformation--transformers--sql--tables))

<a id="nestedatt--transformation--transformers--sql--tables"></a>
### Nested Schema for `transformation.transformers.sql.tables`

Optional:

- `exclude` (List of String) Excluded tables (regular expressions). Start every name with `^` and finish with `$` to avoid unexpected side effects.
- `include` (List of String) Included tables (regular expressions). Start every name with `^` and finish with `$` to avoid unexpected side effects.



<a id="nestedatt--transformation--transformers--table_splitter"></a>
### Nested Schema for `transformation.transformers.table_splitter`

Optional:

- `columns` (List of String) Columns with values to use as a new table name.
- `splitter` (String) A string separating the parts of the new table name.
- `tables` (Attributes) Tables. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--transformation--transformers--table_splitter--tables))

<a id="nestedatt--transformation--transformers--table_splitter--tables"></a>
### Nested Schema for `transformation.transformers.table_splitter.tables`

Optional:

- `exclude` (List of String) Excluded tables (regular expressions). Start every name with `^` and finish with `$` to avoid unexpected side effects.
- `include` (List of String) Included tables (regular expressions). Start every name with `^` and finish with `$` to avoid unexpected side effects.
